Replace `data-sveltekit-prefetch`/`prefetch(...)`/`prefetchRoutes(...)` (#7776)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/30-link-options.md

You can customise the behaviour of links with `data-sveltekit-*` attributes. These can be applied to the `<a>` itself, or to a parent element.

### data-sveltekit-preload-data

> Before the browser registers that the user has clicked on a link, we can detect that they've hovered the mouse over it (on desktop) or that a `touchstart` or `mousedown` event has happened. In both cases, we can make an educated guess that a `click` event is coming.

Author: events don't fire though — things fire events. at least that's how i've always thought about it. what about this?

```suggestion
Before the browser registers that the user has clicked on a link, we can detect that they've hovered the mouse over it (on desktop) or that a `touchstart` or `mousedown` event was triggered. In both cases, we can make an educated guess that a `click` event is coming.
```

```html
<body data-sveltekit-preload-data="hover">
	<div style="display: contents">%sveltekit.body%</div>
</body>
```

Sometimes, calling `load` when the user hovers over a link might be undesirable, either because it's likely to result in false positives (a click needn't follow a hover) or because data is updating very quickly and a delay could mean staleness.

In these cases, you can specify the `"tap"` value, which causes SvelteKit to call `load` only when the user taps or clicks on a link:

```html
<a data-sveltekit-preload-data="tap" href="/stonks">
	Get current stonk values
</a>
```

> You can also programmatically invoke `preloadData` from `$app/navigation`.

Data will never be preloaded if the user has chosen reduced data usage, meaning [`navigator.connection.saveData`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) is `true`.

### data-sveltekit-preload-code

Even in cases where you don't want to preload _data_ for a link, it can be beneficial to preload the _code_. The `data-sveltekit-preload-code` attribute works similarly to `data-sveltekit-preload-data`, except that it can take one of four values, in decreasing 'eagerness':

> - `"page"` means that all links on the page will be preloaded

Reviewer: maybe call it `links` or `all`?

Author: `links` doesn't make sense to me because every value is about links. `all` makes me ask 'all what?' `page` does feel like an outlier though, since the others all describe events (if you allow `viewport` to mean 'enter viewport'), so perhaps it's not ideal. i'm not sure what else it could be though. i wondered about `navigate` but that doesn't really make sense because the event precedes the creation of the link.

some other ideas:

* `data-sveltekit-preload-code="now"`
* `data-sveltekit-preload-code="eager"`
* `data-sveltekit-preload-code="immediate"`

Author: went for `eager`
